<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/template-cli.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="title">Sobre</ui:define>
		<ui:define name="content">
			<h1>Mr. F</h1>
<p>What's Spanish for "I know you speak English?" Army had half a day. I'm afraid I just blue myself.</p>
<h2>Mr. F</h2>
<p>Guy's a pro. Across from where? Oh, you're gonna be in a coma, all right. I've opened a door here that I regret.</p>
<ul>
<li>I hear the jury's still out on science.</li>
<li>I've opened a door here that I regret.</li>
<li>There's so many poorly chosen words in that sentence.</li>
<li>No, I did not kill Kitty. However, I am going to oblige and answer the nice officer's questions because I am an honest man with no secrets to hide.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Good Grief!</h3>
<p>First place chick is hot, but has an attitude, doesn't date magicians. It's called 'taking advantage.' It's what gets you ahead in life. Steve Holt! Get me a vodka rocks. And a piece of toast. I'm a monster.</p>
<h4>Ready, Aim, Marry Me</h4>
<p>That's why you always leave a note! Bad news. Andy Griffith turned us down. He didn't like his trailer. As you may or may not know, Lindsay and I have hit a bit of a rough patch. There's only one man I've ever called a coward, and that's Brian Doyle Murray. No, what I'm calling you is a television actor.</p>
<ol>
<li>Say goodbye to these, because it's the last time!</li>
<li>Steve Holt!</li>
<li>I'm afraid I just blue myself.</li>
<li>That's why you always leave a note!</li>
</ol>
<h5>Top Banana</h5>
<p>I'm a monster. He'll want to use your yacht, and I don't want this thing smelling like fish. But I bought a yearbook ad from you, doesn't that mean anything anymore? That's why you always leave a note! No&hellip; but I'd like to be asked! I hear the jury's still out on science.</p>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>